---
layout: post
title:  Being scared of terrorists is like being scared to fly
fullview: false
comments: true
---

I hate flying. I'm in a metal tin 30,000 feet up in the air with a lot of things that could break and send me plummeting to my death.  Its happened to other people. Its happened within ten miles of my parents house.  The people on the plane were people my parents knew, that were relatives of my friends.  Why couldn't it happen to me?

The answer is that there are numbers that suggest that it is wildly unlikely. That I am much, much, much, much more likely to plummet to my death by falling off a hill that I'm climbing or skiing, to crash in my car on the way to the airport than in the plane, to get hit by lightning while walking from my car into the airport or even, I'd hazard a guess, to get hit by a puck in the face and just keel over.  I also know that in the very limited number of cases where flights have crashed, it is highly unlikely that anyone will survive, and it is highly likely to recieve a ton of media coverage.

But, I still fly. My fear of flying does not stop me from doing it because deep down, I know the odds. Moreover, I'm not going to stop living my life because I'm uncomfortable with a mode of travel. And once I get on the plane and sit down, every time, without fail, I realize how pathetic my fear of flying is. I realize that it is childish to be scared of something so rare, to let fear of flying impact my life when so many more real things exist to be afraid of. 